The Login Widget (#2413)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/Starter-Kit-TEMP/Widgets/index.md

![movePage.jpg](images/The-Text-Widget1.png)

> The Text Widget lets you create a text field on the page. Containing a Rich text editor, and the option for a sidebar Widget(can be more than one). The sidebar Widgets can be the following: a text area, links, a button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Text Widget lets you create a text field on the page containing a Rich text editor and the option for adding sitebar widgets. The sidebar widgets can be the following: a text area, links or a button.
```

![movePage.jpg](images/Contact-Form.png)

> The Contact Form Widget, will let you add a basic contact form to your project. To make it work you will need to set up a contact email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Contact Form Widget will let you add a basic contact form to your project. To make it work you will need to set up a contact email.
```

### The Newsletter Widget

The Newsletter Widget, lets you create a sign-up form for your newsletter. This will require some setting up. 

> The way this widget works is that you set it up, with your Mailchimp or Campaign monitor, then you add your API key and set the ID, for the list that user will be subscriped to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way this widget works is that you set it up with your Mailchimp or Campaign monitor, then you add your API key and set the ID for the list that user will be subscriped to.
```

Below you can see an example that uses the back and white feature, and has two logos.
![movePage.jpg](images/Logos.png)

### The Login Widget

![movePage.jpg](images/The-Login-Widget.png)

> The login widget allows the user that was created, using the register widget to login to their account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Login Widget allows the user that was created, using the register widget to login to their account.
```

> The setup options for the login widget are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setup options for this widget are as follows:
```

- Heading
- Text
- Image
- Background Color
- Text Color
- Redirect URL (This is where you decide where the users are redirected to after they log in)

> Below you can see what the login widget could look like at the front end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can see what the widget could look like at the front end.
```
